I had gear muñoz's I had sort of kind of
a weird thing happened to me today and I
kind of blame you for it as well yeah
because you're not paying attention
you're supposed to be doing security
here we booked a lot of celebrities on
the show and there been a few times when
guests have been scheduled to do the
show and haven't shown up but today I
was in my office just working and kind
of the opposite of that happened hey
good quick question
bowties yeah this one this one or this
one for what exactly
well for the show tonight well you will
hold on a second I don't think you're on
the show tonight I think Bill Maher and
Nick Kroll are on the show tonight
tonight yeah they are so no it says
right here that they're on the show
tonight no I got a evite
we don't spend Evite's to guess we you
know we call your publicist that's
probably not from us oh yeah no that's
for my brother oh okay
yeah so that's a call on Jimmy Kimmel
you do yeah your brother Jimmy Kimmel
yeah sex on girls joke we have
it's a joker Oh cuz I take that kind I
guess there's a compliment but you know
he's morbidly obese he is yeah well tell
him I said hi and me a lot to him yeah
let me see it dude I'll just bang one
out should we you mean have sex no oh
I'm just maybe I mean what are you
talking about nothing you know it's just
it's not married oh yeah me too yeah me
too I get it but you look great
Thanks Thanks well seriously why don't
we bang one out let's just bang on the
interview real quick since I'm down here
in my office yeah why not be fun oh come
on
you gonna couch in a desk instead oh
yeah I do have a couch in a desk I don't
have great anecdotes okay all right well
just for like us do you want to have an
interview maybe just get
Volare mio in here Guillermo okay
Guillermo go get my camo the band you
want the band get the band bring the
instruments get the whole deal what's up
Blair mo see buddy okay clean oh um you
guys come in here bring the whole band
and your instruments - this is gonna be
great
ya know Chris Pratt is here and he wants
to do an interview okay
yeah so I mean how do you want to do
this exactly um I'll go hide backstage
you bring me there is no backstage it's
my bathroom that's your bathroom yeah
I'm gonna go in there
mm-hm you a minute what's the Guillermo
should I put on the shoot here yeah well
that's a good idea what does she do you
need him to get dressed do you want to
get dressed
it's good fine with me I actually like
your factions I'm sure like that more
good so you're just gonna introduce me
yeah you stand over here by this thing
the piccolo things clarinet clarinet
yeah and then you guys play some kind of
peppy upbeat music I'll come out found a
Bing I got some great anecdotes and
we'll knock it out all right okay all
right well you know my first guest from
the big hit movie guardians of the
galaxy okay um do introduce me because
I'm actually here to promote Parks and
Rec that's gonna be back on Tuesday I
love that show
hey thank you thanks we love making it
thank you I had no idea you spoke
English Toshi anyway the final season of
Parks and Recreation starts on Tuesday
police say a little Chris Pratt
alright Wow well it's great to see you
oh it's good to see you too
what's up oh my gosh so much stuff
everything's good everything's good
holidays were good yeah yep okay pretty
good um I have a lot of good stories we
do yeah I'd love to hear one of them why
don't you ask me about what my Aunt
Linda said at Christmas okay what would
your Aunt Linda say a Christmas well
funny you should ask
she was standing in front of a lot of
dishes after we just had a giant dinner
mm-hmm and she said Christmas tradition
more like Christmas traditions you guys
she's funny she's like a funny and
hilarious
yeah she doesn't make a lot of jokes she
says the accident she doesn't make a ton
of joke Oh is she okay no no that's why
it was really it was a real it was a
real relief to us that she even spoke
that's the Lisa give her money give her
our best and thank you so much for
coming it's really great to have you
here yeah it's Chris Pratt everybody
yeah so I also have oh let me ask you
this are you guys still doing your gift
bags at the at the show yeah we give out
gifts gift bags I don't have one right
now but I could give you something
though I will give you true via what is
it
sweet huh hey man enjoy you didn't have
to do that thank you yeah well thank you
thanks thanks so much melody you know
Guillermo can help you with that
actually yeah well you might take a
crisp out to the parking lot okay come
on yeah that'd be great
so great to see you at Christmas assume
there's nobody here Chris Pratt nobody
no you put in the coffee you guys you
guys can no you don't need to you don't
need to play as you go out it's yeah
it's fine
thank you for stopping by I am Jimmy
Kimmel thanks for watching our video
click right here to subscribe to our
Channel and click right here and I will
fall in love with you guaranteed